Hey,
what's going on?
It's bill burn.
It's time for the Monday morning podcast for a Monday.
Um,
October eight,
2018 what's going on?
How's it going?
I am a,
I am good.
How are you?
Oh my God,
that is great.
Get barely hear myself.
I'm out here on the road.
I don't have all my podcasting equipment.
Oh,
Bill,
you really get you going to come in with the excuses on Monday morning.
Maybe.
I am,
um,
I'm still here in Boston after a horrible Flint tour of,
uh,
the New England states,
Springfield,
Boston and then um,
Bridgeport,
Connecticut.
I want to thank everybody that came out.
Um,
okay.
You know,
an incredible weekend.
Most people I've ever performed to over a three day period in my career and uh,
could not have gone any better.
Thank you so very much.
Um,
okay.
I was in a,
I did the Boston Garden to TD bank,
North Garden on,
um,
Friday night in the round.
Got Together with some buddies of mine I used to jam with back in the day and we
played in the empty arena and just had the best time ever,
right.
So anyways,
you know,
I walk in,
it's fucking places huge.
It's like Jesus Christ.
So you know,
you make a little bit of noise in there so it's not as nerve racking and then
you calm down a little bit,
you get comfortable and then all of a sudden the people start coming and it
fills up and then you get nervous again.
Right.
So I had Tony v the Great Tony v,
the Guy who taught me
basically how to write by not writing.
First Guy I met her,
it didn't write shit down.
And I was like,
well what if you forget a joke?
And he was just like,
well,
it means it's time to stop doing it.
I just thought it was such a fucking bad ass cavalier attitude is like,
I want to be like that guy.
So anyways,
I worked with Tim and Paul Versey so they both go up and they're just acting
like they're just doing a regular spot.
And if the fucking murdering,
both of them murdering,
you know,
first he was stuck in traffic,
you have to get a double park or something before he went in there.
So I don't think he had time to be nervous.
He just ran out and did it.
So anyways,
I'm in the um,
they put you for the Green Room when you did it.
We were in the referees like little fucking,
uh,
pretty called locker room.
I was thinking just all the people that must've been screaming on the other side
of the door,
cause you're not allowed to go in there.
Um,
if you're a coach,
a player or anything like that.
So anyways,
I'm sitting in there doing what you do in that moment thinking,
how the fuck did I get here?
Why me?
Is this the end?
Is everybody going to show up and be like,
you know,
we don't think he's funny anymore,
right?
So I'm going through all of this shit trying to talk myself off the ledge so I
can just go out there and act like this big deal.
It's not a big deal.
So I can perform the best
and right before I go out there,
my cell phone rings
and I see it's,
it's my wife and I'm like,
ah,
look at this perfect timing.
This is why I love her.
This is why she's the best.
She's,
you know,
she's going to say,
hey,
don't be nervous.
Go out there.
You earned it.
I love you,
blah,
blah.
All that shit.
Right.
Well I pick up my phone and my wife,
she's crying hysterically.
Okay.
And um,
my first thought was something happened to our kids.
Like,
oh my God,
did she fall down?
Did you drop her?
There's somebody coming to the house.
I put the fuck happened.
Like I picked up the phone.
I was like,
what?
What,
what's the matter?
What's the matter?
I'm like,
what?
What's amount?
And she's like,
no.
I'm like,
well what is it?
She's like,
I just saw a star is born.
And it was,
I was like,
are you fucking kidding?
honey,
I got to show.
I got to go do all right.
I thought the fucking shit that went through my head.
All Stephen King level stuff or what could have been happened to her
in the house and,
and my daughter and all of that type of stuff.
So it was so fucking ridiculous.
It just made me laugh and I went out there and I just told the story and then I
was kind of fine for the rest of the,
the show.
But um,
yeah.
Okay.
It was a,
I dunno,
these past two weekends it felt like I dreamed the shows,
it didn't feel like they really happened.
So I don't know how to Alec,
I got to that to be able to be the guy that did it.
But I just want to thank everybody for coming out.
And um,
uh,
I,
the Boston Garden one really freaked me out cause I,
I literally started my standup career.
I told my first shit and Dick Jokes literally at Nick's comedy stop.
I mean,
I could have walked over there.
I mean would have taken me about 25 minutes,
but still I could still walk van stage that I'm in.
Um,
so anyways,
I went out there and I had a great time.
The only thing I had to deal with it was,
it was in the round,
those,
the stools in the middle and they had to keep walking around either side of it.
And I've learned what you want,
what you want to do is just take the stool out of the middle and just lay it
down on its side,
you know?
Then if you want to sit down,
just pick it up and sit down,
I guess if you were going to do that.
But I just feel like if it's in the round,
you have to kind of be moving so people aren't staring at your backside the
whole time.
Um,
anyways.
And then I got on the other side of that one and that one was nerve wracking
just because I had all kinds of family and friends and coworkers and people I
went to school with.
All of those people coming down and it's just like,
oh boy,
what if I have a old sticker room tonight?
But if I have a bad one,
then they gotta be like,
no,
it was good.
It was good.
God did you,
ah,
you lost a little way.
You look good.
You're going to the gym.
People try and change the subject.
I like that shirt.
Okay,
your shirt look great things you don't want to hear after a sentence.
Um,
so anyways,
so now I'm on the other side of it and the red sox played game one and of course
it was a nail biter and I was just thinking,
man,
if we don't win the Chris sale game,
we're fucked and we want it.
So thank God.
So then game two comes around the next night and I am in Bridgeport,
Connecticut and I missed the whole game because I was traveling.
And then I was also uh,
doing my show.
And once again,
unfortunately price could not get us a victory in the post season.
Yeah.
And then of course,
now it's like all the wheels are coming off in boss.
Everybody's just like,
oh my God,
how could we have played two games with the New York Yankees and we won won and
they won one.
Whoever saw that coming after I hundred and eight regular season wins season.
She's fucking people.
It's just like what happened?
Like they were like already writing in the globe going was the hundred and eight
when season.
Just a mirage because we lost one fucking game to a $200 million team that won a
hundred games that we played 19 times this year.
We went 10 and nine
we one one day,
one,
one we want to,
they won one,
we won one day,
one,
three.
We swept them and then they went to and one to one,
one against us.
And then yeah,
I had um,
I had 100 bucks on each game,
but in 50 with version 50 with my agent,
you know,
the overall season thing and the most I got up,
they were up by like one 51 point.
Then I was up one 50 and then in the end,
19 games they owed me 50 bucks each.
We want one more fucking game.
So everybody's sitting there freaking the fuck out.
Yeah.
And they're going to try to build this thing up like,
oh my God,
this is the greatest team,
one of the greatest teams ever to have won 100 need fucking games.
It doesn't mean shit.
The Oreos are not going to be there in October.
I keep saying,
how many times do I have to be right?
How many times do you guys have to shake your head and discuss and reach for the
Stop Button?
Because once again,
old Bald Billy,
oh,
freckles himself is once again crowing about something that he said was going to
happen.
I would say as far back as July,
you know,
definitely after we swept them in August I was like,
what?
What exactly?
Like an ESPN all like,
God,
it's fucking over.
It's over.
It isn't over.
Um,
okay,
so for all you people out there who get confused with regular season wins,
just take everybody off the board at the end of the season who isn't going to go
into the playoffs and then look how they did against the playoff teams census.
It's as simple as that.
I think we were about,
you know,
pretty even with,
uh,
the Indians.
I didn't look up the Indians or the Astros,
but I think we're even with the Indians and we probably had a losing record
against the Astros and we went 10 and nine against the Yankees.
So
those are the teams we're going to be playing.
That's how they've matched up against us.
Why is it surprising that we're one on one?
MMM.
If we lose this playoff series yet,
it won't be near nearly as a surprising fucking thing.
You know,
considering the last two times we played the Yankees,
we've lost both regular season series.
Right.
So I'd say we're due to win this one.
So we need all fucking,
uh,
whatever his fucking name is per Cielo to have one of his good games tonight.
Then we'll be up two games to one before we get the shit kicked out of us by the
Astros.
That's my prediction.
That's what I feel is,
is,
is going to happen if we get by the Yankees.
And if we don't get by the Yankees,
uh,
despite what shyness see and all these guys will say,
it wasn't a major fucking collapsed despite what Johnny Damon said.
I guess my one of my buddies goes,
dude,
you can believe Johnny Damon is fucking rooting for the Yankees.
It's like,
yeah,
absolutely,
I can.
Absolutely.
He wasn't a red sock.
He was an a.
And then he became a free agent.
And once you,
once you get a fucking free age and you can't fall in love with them,
it's like calling in love with a stripper.
All right,
he's going to go with the money.
He didn't give a fuck.
Pay me.
He grew his shit up.
You know when he's at the red sox and then he goes to the Yankees.
Yeah,
you can sign with us,
but you got to get a haircut.
And he was like,
okay.
And he went down there like look like a good little school boy.
They got them already for a scouting pictures.
So now he sees root for the Yankees who gets a shift.
He helped fucking and the cars here at boss Boston.
I'm good with the guy.
We had a great time.
We had a great fucking time while he was on the team.
Um,
so anyways,
uh,
I'm going to watch that game tonight.
I believe game three is tonight and I'm not going to think that,
you know,
I'm hoping that we fucking win this thing,
but like,
just the way that they're already building this thing up,
like this is going to be,
oh my God.
Like if the Red Sox win it all this year,
right.
Is this one of the greatest teams of all time now?
I wouldn't say that even if they had 108 wins,
you know,
compared to some of those other,
other fuck I mean the Oh,
force red sox to beat the fucking,
yeah,
2018,
uh,
who's in waters was the old 14 one of the greatest teams of all time behind?
I don't think so.
Well,
Bell,
who do you think is one of the greatest,
you know,
the fucking Oakland A's and your early seventies,
those teams,
the big red machine.
I think those will better teams.
I have no fucking idea.
I'm just saying everybody fucking relax.
Put your fucking eyebrows down.
Um,
anyways,
plowing ahead here.
Uh,
so I'm still here in Boston and uh,
anytime I come back I'm like,
Oh man,
I miss living here.
But this time more so than any other time.
I don't know why.
I just,
uh,
I took like the day after
the Boston Garden cake,
I was,
you know,
still staying in Boston and I walked over to the north end as I always do and I
went down Hanover Street and then I kinda,
you know,
I was walk about halfway down,
get bed to look like the corner store and then I fucking break off to the left
and I tried to find shit that isn't,
you know,
Hanover Street.
It's like the Times Square,
the north end.
Right.
And uh,
ended up finding this great place to get a sandwich and uh,
me and my tour manager just fucking hung out in this park,
eat and the sandwiches.
I'm like a perfect day,
perfect sunny New England day in the North End.
It was a great Italian Deli where they had all of this just,
you know,
Italians,
it's just like they take food to the entirely next level.
Um,
and I was in there just like wanting to order everything cause I live on the
west coast.
He kick a good Italian,
he can't kick good pizza,
can't get any of that shit.
But I was just like,
all right,
I guess stay on my diet and not get too crazy.
Marty bred here,
so I just got a tuna,
small tuna,
a
sub,
I guess you'd call it out here.
And uh,
just the way they season it was fucking perfect.
They'd celery onions in there and something else mixed in with the tune and just
a hint of Manet's.
And even the size of the way they chopped up the onions and salaries.
It was perfect.
It all just added to it.
It all just kept taking the tuna to the next level.
And I was sitting in the park,
I was saying to my manager,
I was so fucking sandwich is unbelievable.
And even lives on the east coast.
He's like,
yeah,
it is.
This is a good sandwich.
And we sat there going,
is there anything better than just sitting outside?
Good bucket sandwich.
And that's the end of the sandwich story.
And it was,
it was tremendous walking.
Tremendous.
That's one of my favorite parts,
uh,
you know,
of Boston.
And then I always walk in and I walked over to the,
uh,
to the garden to buy some Bruins stuff for my daughter.
And I walked by,
you know,
that bridge you go over to get to Charlestown,
which I never even knew that.
That's what that was.
I'd always heard a Charlestown,
but I didn't know where the fuck it was until that movie,
the town came up.
You know,
I learned more Goddamn shit about Boston by watching movies about it when I
lived here.
I just,
I didn't know,
you know.
Okay.
I knew how to get to like the sports venues,
but I didn't know East Boston.
I still don't even know where that is.
I would know how to get that.
I know what Chelsea is.
I don't know what.
And now I know what shouts down is.
MMM.
Back Bay.
I don't know.
I don't even know where the fuck that is,
where that starts to wear that ends.
I know where Newberry street is.
Um,
sorry,
my stomach's growling.
Yeah.
Um,
I dunno.
So tonight is my sort of,
uh,
the next couple of days and my hang back here just cause you know,
I got a bunch of fucking nieces and nephews and all of that shit and I'm on the
other side.
I got one more arena gig.
Everybody one more left before fucking freckles turns back into a pumpkin and
that's November 7th Madison Square Garden and it's going to be me.
Verdesian Joe Barton.
Nick.
Um,
and I'll tell you,
I wish I was taping a special right now cause I feel like my hour is ready to
go.
But um,
doodles,
different things.
That's,
I don't think I'm going to tape until next year,
but um,
yeah,
I been having more guide.
Damn fine.
And I swear to God,
I really believe that the more things get crazy on social media with these
lunatics that have gone so far left that I'm questioning whether I'm even left
anymore.
The more they do that,
I feel like the more you can get away with them on stage,
people are just laughing even more.
Um,
anyways,
you see that Cavenaugh guy got on the fucking supreme court.
I don't know what that means.
I know a lot of people are upset about it.
You know,
I don't understand those women getting fucking arrested and then they're
sticking their fists in the air.
They're doing the black power thing.
That was black power,
right.
If I can take in that,
it's hilarious.
White women,
the United States of America fight the power.
Um,
the kid,
they can't come up with their own fucking thing.
They should steal this Sammy Hagar thing that he used to do.
We took the two,
I love these things together,
and then he would sort of put his index,
strangle it again,
his stumps together,
and then,
you know,
stick his tongue through the middle and wiggle it acting like he was going down
on a woman.
I mean,
that's what you could do in the 80s and a mainstream concept.
It's women should have something like that.
Just don't stick the tongue through it.
Then I think it's respectful to women.
I think that that's where that part goes off the rails.
I'm not sure if I'm not,
you know,
I don't know much about the hand gestures there,
but I,
I know enough about him to be like,
oh,
that was the black power one.
That's the one from the Olympics.
MMM.
You can't tell me at this point to get arrested at a protest to stick your
fucking hand up in the air.
You don't feel like you're doing the Charleston.
That doesn't feel a little dated.
Okay.
Yeah.
This guy,
it'd be something new that you're doing.
Like,
like this,
like doing a joke,
hey,
take my wife please.
That's like the fucking protest version of that.
You know what I mean?
Like first she had the low five,
then you had the high five,
then they were bumping forearms,
then they'd come in and kind of do like that.
Uh,
you know,
it's like you deliberately miss and then your forearms and elbows kind of lock.
And then there's all these elaborate fucking hand shakes.
Like it always goes to the next level,
but for some reason with protesting.
Okay.
They just,
you know,
it's a timeless classic.
The fist in the air.
Yeah.
Um,
I'm,
I'm saying that needs to be switched up.
I Dunno what I would go with.
You guys want to check in on some feminists tweets,
one of my favorites fucker things to do.
Let's see what they're demanding today.
Maybe they're in a good mood today.
Can you imagine that you,
if you just went to feminism and they were like,
you know what,
I'm kind of happy with America.
All right.
Um,
so probably get,
this is just be people trashing feminism.
I don't want to see that.
I want to say,
oh no,
she's one of those feminists.
Yeah.
Assuming they just trashed feminists.
Okay.
This is a guy wearing this shirt of course,
cause he's woke.
Feminism is the radical notion that women are people,
uh,
to some people it is.
What I love about feminism is this really no clear cut definition.
It's just what it means to the person.
It's kind of like what,
what is art?
Uh,
why men's rights activists,
the shooter according to his Facebook is a feminism.
A feminist.
Sorry.
It's just gonna be trashing.
Ah,
Christ.
All right.
You know what?
Let me look this one up.
You got to get the ones where they make it about themselves.
That's my favorite cab.
And uh,
right.
How do you spell it?
Kevin are confirmed.
Okay,
here we go.
Ah,
right.
Just an FYI.
Fyi,
everyone supreme court justices can be impeached.
It rarely happens,
but it's absolutely possible.
Just keep in mind until,
oh,
I don't know.
Let's say mid November.
All right.
There's something about the election.
When do I get my own handmaiden?
That's how this works,
right?
All right.
Once again,
that's a little dramatic.
Don't you think?
Uh,
yeah,
it's probably,
oh,
I love this.
Here's a good one.
I met three black people,
a gay man as Hispanic man and more women than men yesterday.
That's support.
Cavenaugh identity.
Politics is sexist and racist.
Don't be part of it.
Identity politics is gross.
Um,
I,
that's always like convenient,
right?
Okay.
You know,
I think Obama stinks and I'm a democrat.
Liberals help Cavenaugh win by showing how ridiculous they truly are.
Hell yeah.
To Cavenaugh.
Come on,
man.
I liked the other ones.
Oh,
some old guy holding up a sign and there's some woman dancing around him.
Yeah.
All right.
This is just going off the rails.
I got it.
I want this to be a fucking a legitimate segment.
Okay.
The power structure wasn't willing to risk not having a majority of straight,
yeah.
CIS gender conservative white men directing our laws,
practices and policies into the foreseeable future.
They would rather have a sexual assaulter than literally anyone else.
Um,
yeah.
Everybody sees it the way that bucket,
the way they fucking see it,
man.
You know,
it's kind of weird way.
It's what those things you don't,
the burden of proof is way less.
MMM.
Cause if that was a trial that would have been like,
yeah,
dude,
you can't be in there again.
I think it was him.
I don't really remember.
I yeah,
yeah.
They'd be like,
all right.
Yeah,
we don't have time for this.
He got to come back with fucking evidence.
Um,
having said that,
I still believe the woman though,
just cause she kept telling the fucking story over and over and over again.
I don't know who the fuck knows,
but some of the shit,
that cabin I was getting,
like who doesn't have a bunch of fucking friends was stupid nicknames from high
school.
How's it like fucking Headley squash plank goes a Frenchie
with the fuck.
Um,
you're in high school anyways.
Plowing ahead,
keep missing all the God damn racing.
I got the fucking app one app and it just keeps showing me.
Um,
I got the [inaudible] TV and I was watching what,
watching this race from 1989,
the Japanese f one with that said,
I dude,
you know,
he's arguably the best of all time.
And I'm like,
who the fuck was he up against?
Okay.
Uh,
I forgot his fucking name,
but it was phenomenal.
I watched it almost right to the end was Santa was coming back driving like a
lunatic and uh,
they actually had the onboard cameras,
if you can watch it,
like the cars back then sounds so much more ferocious and dangerous.
And then also when you just look at the lack of safety,
it's just like they fucking head is just,
you know,
like get that halo and shit around you.
Um,
it definitely seems,
you know,
okay.
Like the death rate must have been way higher.
Obviously it was bill and the guy you're talking about ended up dying.
But um,
well why don't you read some advertising here now that you've meandered and bond
with your fucking
okay.
Twitter,
feminism.
Fucking reading the tweets there cause you didn't look him up.
Why didn't you fucking
come on,
there's gotta be a good one.
He's just not a likable looking guy.
This Cavenaugh I think that's when,
that's what really hurts shit.
He gotta be likable.
You know,
like Bill Clinton,
Bill Clinton is likable.
The shit that,
that guy has gotten busted for doing and women's still like it was fucking,
it's unbelievable.
Um,
well,
you know what this is,
this is just a bunch of pro cabin on people crone on here.
That's all it is.
Well,
you must vote.
Here's to the end of everything.
Yeah.
All right.
P America,
Kevin are confirmed.
I mean that's a little dramatic.
We didn't just hire this guy to become a fucking fear or did we see the end of
everything?
Um,
all right,
let me read the advertising here.
Everybody.
I know this is like brutally
not professional here.
Okay.
Oh boy.
Oh my bookie.
Everybody share watching.
Football's fun.
But it's more entertaining when you have some action on the games.
Guys,
you've heard me talk about this for weeks and some of you are still on the
sidelines.
Whether you're an expert,
a rookie,
you should be betting at my bookie.
If you're the kind of guy that likes to bet a little and when a lot like playing
the numbers on roulette,
you can create a big par laid pick three teams to win and it'd be hit all three.
You could turn $100 into $600.
There's no,
there's so much to bet on.
Playoff baseball,
hockey primetime fights and more.
Oh,
I did nothing.
I Miss Connor Mcgregor.
Um,
bad fight and then it's spilled out into the fucking crowd.
Uh,
but my bookie is one of the is the one bed I know you'll be happy with all your
recommend these guys because I really trust him.
My book,
he has been in business for years and they've got great online reviews and their
mobile site is easy to use.
If you're on the sidelines.
Now is the time to get in the game.
My book,
He will still match your first dollar for dollar,
your first deposit,
dollar for dollar,
but you got to join now because they're pulling that offer.
Log Onto my book,
you right now and double your money.
Use Promo Code Burr and you'll get your first deposit matched 100% that's Promo
Code [inaudible] you play,
you win,
you get paid.
Oh,
hymns,
sexual performance issues.
More common than you think.
Over 25% of new ed cases are guys under 40 I like how they never will say it.
Erectile dysfunction can't get it up.
Kid.
40% of men by the age of 40 struggle from not being able to get and maintain an
erection.
Even the world's greatest actor can't fake one.
Why did guys turned to weird solutions or do nothing when they can turn instead
to medicines and science?
Um,
I think that was just making fun of people like drink soup on a rhino horns for
hymns.com a one stop shop for hair loss.
Skincare,
sexual wellness for men.
Thanks to science ed can be optional.
No waiting room,
no awkward in person doctor visits.
No lines.
Save hours by going too far.
Hims Hims h I m s connects you with real doctors and medical grade solutions to
treat your erectile dysfunction.
Products are shipped directly to your Doula well known generic equivalents.
To name brand prescriptions to help you combat erectile dysfunction.
Try Hymns for a month today for just five bucks will get you started.
Let me give you the beginning of a hand job for just five bucks while supplies
last.
See website for full details.
This foot cost hundreds.
If you went to the doctor,
a or a pharmacy a go to for hims.com/burr ed.
Uh,
that's for h I m s.com/b u r r e d for hims.com/burr ed.
All right.
Oh look.
Oh,
what do you got now?
it's me undies.
A buddy did.
Who Do do me [inaudible] me.
[inaudible] my Dick won't fucking work to do to,
to brds Mia.
Andy's.
Even if I gave it a jerk,
laying it all down.
It looks real sad.
She's got a leg spread.
This is bad.
What if I rub my dick up against the soft onto his?
Maybe it'll get in the game.
Maybe get a pair for fucking price.
Uh,
me on,
you've heard me obsessed over my me undies and all the amazing colors and prints
they offer.
But guys,
did you know that me undies also makes the world's most comfortable lounge pants
and teas with fall.
Finally here now is perhaps the best time to put these cozy essential to the
test.
The lounge pants are made from the same micro modal modal fabric as their
undies.
Let me tell you,
you'll be in fall having when you cover your entire bottom half you,
dick and your balls,
your taint,
you've the Jj with fabric that is three times softer than cotton Mian.
He's also loves celebrating the fall season with fun Halloween Prince.
Check out their latest jack-o-lantern prince and undies,
socks and bralettes.
The best part when you join the membership,
you can get all this stuff.
Lown pants,
teas and undies.
Everything me undies makes for less than anyone else.
Special member pricing is just one of the many parks of joining the membership.
You're going to love these undies,
but if you're not into me on this,
we'll do whatever they can to get you into the right pair of Jesus by what?
Brighton.
Fucking another 12 paragraphs of copy.
Okay.
Anyways,
we had,
these has a great offer for my listeners.
For any first time purchases,
when you purchase any Mandy's,
you get 15% off and free shipping.
There's,
this is a no brainer.
Get 15% off your first pair are the most comfortable undies you will ever put on
to get you 15% off your first pair.
Free Shipping and 100% satisfaction guarantee.
Go to [inaudible] dot com slash [inaudible] that's [inaudible] dot com slash bar
is this the last one?
Thank God.
Oh look who's here.
Policy genius.
Yeah.
You know,
life insurance is really important,
but one third of the people don't have it.
That's because it's really hard to buy.
You have to work out what you need,
then do research to find the best quote and hope you don't get swindled along
the way.
It's not a good way to shop for anything.
So policy genius made the whole process a lot simpler.
Policy Genius compares quotes from the top life insurance companies to the fight
to find the best policy for you.
It takes just two minutes to get a quote.
And if you don't know the first thing about insurance,
they've got all the tools to get you up to speed.
Learn the difference between term and whole life insurance.
Calculate how much coverage you need and be sure you're making the right
decision.
Uh,
inspect over 4 million people have used policy genius to shop for insurance.
Policy Genius doesn't just make life insurance easy,
but you also compare disability insurance,
home insurance,
and auto insurance.
If you care about it,
they can cover it.
So whether you know a lot about life insurance or nothing at all,
start your search at policy genius,
dark crime.
It's just two minutes.
Uh,
you can compare quotes and make an informed decision for you and your loved
ones.
Policy genius.
The easy way to compare and buy life insurance.
All right.
Jesus Christ.
Um,
that was a long one.
Okay.
Um,
I missed the condom of grids,
my whole podcast now because I've been traveling so much,
it's everything that I missed.
I Miss Mac.
Mac is when his fucking seventh moto GP race of the year.
He's running away with the title once again.
Uh,
I'm still trying to figure out how to the f one races legally on the Internet.
I signed up for something.
I paid for it,
that [inaudible] TV.
Now I'm watching shit from fucking 1989 I saw that.
Uh,
the Russian guy,
his name's kibbles and bits there with this big furry hat.
He beat the Burger King Guy there.
Conor Mcgregor,
uh,
which is going to set up a great rematch and we,
you know,
something,
it'd be great if they didn't fucking have that stupid fight in the end.
That was really dumb.
Okay.
Yeah.
I don't even understand like when those brows breakout,
these like 90% of people are going to break it up and then there's always that
one lunatic that just comes running in.
Okay.
You know,
slice and it just jumps in and tries to punch somebody.
Say what the fuck is wrong with you.
Um,
anyways,
here's some of my upcoming dates.
Everybody.
I'm going to be in Saginaw,
Michigan at the Dow Events Center Center,
uh,
this Friday,
October 12th,
and then the next day I'm going to the wolverines first,
the fucking Wisconsin badgers.
Um,
I'm going to be in Baltimore,
Maryland at the modal modal lyric.
Oh my God.
Is this to be these gig October 18th the early shows sold out late show tickets.
Still available.
Atlantic City,
New Jersey Port God resort October 19th for two shows.
I was supposed to,
they added another show on the 20th,
but we're going to move that one cause that's fine.
It's my five year wedding anniversary that weekend.
So I gotta be home.
Ain't going to be good.
Five Year would right.
I got to get her something made out of wood.
I got to widdle something.
October 26,
like Phoenix,
Arizona.
I might the Comerica Theater,
uh,
during the evening show there,
I also,
I'm going to do the goddamn comedy jam and my podcast,
um,
and then my at Madison Square Garden
on November 7th,
and then I end my year November 8th through the 10th at the Chicago Theater.
Eight,
nine,
10,
eight,
nine,
ten three days.
Okay.
Three days at the unbelievable Chicago theater.
And um,
and that's it.
And then the rest of the year I'm fucking off.
It's already filling up with bullshit.
It has always some sort of fucking bullshit,
you know.
All right folks,
let's,
let's read some of the questions here for this week.
Um,
oh yeah.
You know,
he stays sober October.
Um,
which I jumped into late
because I drank the first day.
Then I didn't drink any other days except last night.
I had a few,
you know,
I'm in Boston.
What am I supposed to do?
Um,
so I've drank too.
To what,
uh,
what's today?
What's today?
The eighth.
All right.
So I'm six and two.
I'm back on the wagon.
Here we go.
And I was saying,
well,
you know,
it'd be great if the,
uh,
you know,
sober October makes you not want to drink,
be great if they could come up with a rhyme for November.
So somebody came up with no bender November.
It doesn't really rhyme,
but it's close enough.
He said,
y'all Billy TD,
Gad and crushed on the parquet floors Friday.
Thank you.
He said no booze in November of his called no bender November in case you can't
think of a way to rhyme.
You dumb genius.
Uh,
well it doesn't really where I'm okay.
And there's a word for that when there's two things that they sound like they
Ryan,
that they don't,
it's called hyperbole.
I forget what it's called.
Yeah,
it's called a run on sentence.
Fuck me over that shit though.
Stupid terms in an English class.
Okay.
Two words that rhyme but don't
terminology.
What'd he call it?
Two words.
That rhyme?
No,
no,
I didn't.
I didn't ask it right.
God dammit.
Two words that sound like they rhyme,
but they don't.
Come on.
Give it to me.
What is it called when words sound like they Ryan,
but don't.
All right.
Half a rhyme.
I thought they had a bigger term for that soliloquy.
I don't know.
Anyway,
anyways,
let's get back to this fucking bullshit.
All right.
Uh,
toilet paper versus a fancy toilet.
Hey freckles.
This seat is better for the environment because thousands and thousands of
liters of water and kilowatts of power going to the production of toilet paper.
Thanks.
You dumb.
Fuck.
Okay.
Well what about having to then have an electric toilet seat?
Okay,
and what about all the extra water you're going to be using hosing off your ass
hole?
You know,
I mean they both,
it's like driving a Tesla.
Okay,
so it doesn't use any guests.
But what happens to you throughout that giant battery underneath the car?
Although I'm totally for those cars and electric power,
you don't cause even if it pollutes the environment just as much,
at least we'll be out of the Middle East.
They don't,
that's how you solve that problem.
We just convert to solar power and we all drive quiet electric cars.
You know there are fucking one trick pony over there in the Middle East.
Okay.
They don't produce any cars than anybody wants.
You know,
cuisine.
They got cuisine and they got oil.
They're cuisine's delicious.
Our cars loved their oil,
but you don't,
if you put that on the point amount of business,
they go and they don't have no money.
The money to fund any sort of terrorist groups.
And then we leave them the fuck alone and then they go back to just being mad at
each other.
Done.
Oh see you declare victory.
Go home.
All right.
Make a smoothie.
Broccoli sprouts in your smoothie.
Dear Billy Bison.
But I'm really into fitness and eating healthy and all that.
All right?
Okay.
To that point,
you may want to consider researching the benefits of Broccoli sprouts.
They contain a lot,
lots of anticancer properties,
and the research is new with loss of tests.
To back it up,
I want you to live forever.
Go Fuck Yourself.
All right,
so what am I supposed to look this up?
Broccoli sprouts.
Now is this just straight up broccoli was to see Broccoli sprouts.
Broccoli
sprouts.
Cancer.
All right,
let's see what they say here.
Because I found of Broccoli sprouts may not only help prevent cancer,
but also treated well.
Jesus Christ says about it,
it may,
mmm
suffer.
Laughing is found in vegetables such as Kale,
cauliflower,
and cabbage,
and in particular high concentrations in young Broccoli sprouts.
Yeah,
Jesus Christ.
So I gotta be,
I gotta eat those things.
You're going to freeze them.
All right,
well,
you know,
I looked it up.
It says they do that.
So now I believe it.
Are you eating enough Broccoli sprouts?
Oh,
fuck dose.
All right,
here we go.
I,
I'll,
I'll definitely do it,
you know.
All right.
Art Deco bars.
Hey,
they're freckles.
You mentioned looking into an art deco bar.
Check this one out.
It comes inside an $80 million airplane.
Pretty sweet.
Drop a few of those Netflix coins there.
Yeah.
Let me see this fucking thing.
And Art Deco Bar in a plane that's not an a plain white
private business.
Aircraft manager
and
Embraer executive jets have created a new luxury jet dub the Manhattan,
which takes passengers back to the 1920s with his art deco designs.
Isn't it enough that you're fly in private?
Yeah,
I'd love a private jet.
But what is the theme?
Uh,
created by the companies,
vice president of interior design,
jade fever and former Disney imagineer.
Image Linear Eddie Soto,
the jet will t sounds shady.
Eddie Soda.
J Bieber.
He'll try to fuck your girlfriend.
80 Sodo.
You Shady.
The Jeb will make you feel as though you're stepping back in time and it's with
its rich mahogany wood panels,
brass and gold trimmings and vibrant jewel tones.
It's just sounds like it's going to take a lot of fuel to get this thing off the
ground.
Beaver was inspired by the art deco interior designs of the SS Normandy French
Ocean liner.
I those the say of the SS fucking German psychopaths there.
Okay.
I use the Nazis,
Nazi Germany to inspire this.
Okay.
This bill,
somebody explained to me how the fuck you can never fly private and make any
money.
I will never understand that.
You know,
it costs an absolute fortune and he can't even write it off.
You can like,
if you spend like 20 grand on a fucking private plane ticket,
like the government's only,
well,
it's like,
well you could have flown first class for 1500 bucks.
Two grand.
You're the dumb ass that spend another 18 grand that's on you.
Okay.
That's the way my accountant explained it to me.
All right.
Shit.
Talk and people
dear Billy Justice.
What's the deal with,
uh,
okay,
so what's the deal with shit?
Talkers getting mad when other people talk?
Shit.
All of my beef comes from hypocrites these days.
I keep hearing people,
Comedians as well get mad at people who,
who make fun of them.
Uh,
the same people will make a living doing the same.
I need some examples here.
Uh,
this,
yeah,
I mean,
I don't agree with that.
If you go around and making fun of people and then you shouldn't get mad at
people making fun of you.
Right?
Meaning like hecklers.
I don't mind hecklers,
you know I didn't mind these fucking people that write mean shit to me on
Twitter.
It's annoying,
but I mean I just accept it.
I try to,
I try to rise above it.
The same people who make a living doing the same thing,
the same people who never think for a minute about what they're saying.
Flip the fuck out when someone trashes them.
It's something I yell at to no one in my car on the way home from work on a
daily basis and this is his quote.
You mother fucker.
How can you expect to be treated like this when you yourself are doing the same
thing?
It's the golden rule right out the window.
It's a law of nature right out the window.
Bill,
I'm losing my mind anyways.
I was wondering how you deal with these people.
Do you yell at everyone you know,
do you lose your friends and colleagues?
I'm sure you had a celebrity friend complain about something.
They have done themselves a million times.
What would you say to that?
Um,
well listen,
if you're going to talk about hypocritical behavior,
I'm the fucking King of that.
Um,
and I've been guilty of that trashing people on stage than getting upset if
someone was addicted.
Me.
Um,
everybody's,
everybody's like that.
Everybody's got flaws.
So I don't,
I don't know really know what you're asking me,
but like I do find it funny with,
okay,
some of these people who are like,
uh,
in entertainment who are,
you know,
pro women
advancement and all that,
which,
why wouldn't you be?
But then the way they go,
they go about it is they're the,
they say all this sexy shit about guys,
these,
you know,
big sweeping generalizations and all that.
And it's like,
you literally sound like what's you're fighting right now?
And they're like,
oh,
shut up.
You're a white guy.
Okay.
It's like,
yeah,
you have a white guy who would know more about that then.
Then a white guy,
you sound like a white guy.
Maybe that's the way you try to convey it to them cause then you kind of
shitting on yourself.
You sound like a white man.
That is not a compliment.
You know what I mean?
Why do I think this audio is going to be played at a Klan meeting?
Okay.
It's just where the wide man is right now.
He thinks the sound lock himself,
it is not a compliment.
It all went off the rails with a first freeing the slaves second Yo MTV raps and
then Obama.
Um,
yeah I would just say that.
Okay.
Like some of this shit like I thought a lot of the ways that people were just
talking about Kevin,
I was like,
it's just downing Lee.
Like you don't hear that you're doing okay what you're doing,
you're against racism and all of that shit.
Like he can't say you're being racist against the white guy cause your thoughts
don't effect.
But it's basically like if you were in power,
that guy would be fucked.
Like a white guy.
He just never heard the word no.
Every door just flew open.
You know that that cartoon version of being a white dude?
Um,
yeah.
I don't know.
I just thought so much of it was about,
they just built this whole story behind this guy.
I guess that's identity politics.
Like,
oh,
he went to Yale.
He's a white guy.
He was,
you know,
he played sports.
Okay.
He's a date rape is all the doors flew open.
His Dad was a judge.
He never went to jail,
blah,
blah.
Um,
whatever the fuck they're talking about.
It's just going to let go.
How bout a little air?
That dance.
Yay.
All right.
Boyfriend being shady.
I didn't even answer this guy's question.
What do I say?
Those people,
you know,
if I'm in a zone,
I don't say anything.
Okay.
Yup,
Yup.
I'm in a bad place.
I'll let it ruin my morning and I'm like,
you and I like,
I remember when Harvey Weinstein first got busted and then Fox News,
what's going on?
This is what Hollywood is like.
I'm above boom.
And I just remember yelling and your network bill O'Reilly.
What about all these other than your fucking one of your main guys over there?
Um,
I mean,
I dunno
me TV is where it's at.
I'm telling you.
All right.
Boyfriend being shady.
Hey Billy.
No bonds.
No.
Uh,
man and I have been together for six years,
but this past year he's become really close to this lady from work.
That's not good.
They spent a lot of time together,
go into bars,
parties and work.
Obviously I don't go out with them because I don't like to drink and have
anxiety.
Uh,
he'll make me feel like I'm crazy for getting upset.
But if the situation was switched and I was going out drinking and dancing with
another man,
he'd be pissed too.
Yeah,
yeah,
exactly.
Exactly.
He's going out drinking and dancing with another woman.
I think you're well on your right to be like,
ah yes.
So then,
I mean the next logical step is you're going to finger blaster here.
I,
what's going on here anyway?
So what's your opinion on this?
Do I need to chill out?
And if so,
how?
Lol.
Thanks.
And Go fuck yourself.
No,
you need to validate what you think.
And this is bullshit
in victim.
You're out drinking and dancing with another woman.
I mean,
I don't think that,
you know,
um,
the only thing that could say that is if you don't go out,
if you don't hang out and you have anxiety,
I don't know what the anxiety is above,
but like,
you know,
if this guy likes to go out and he don't like to go out at all,
maybe you guys aren't right for each other,
or maybe you guys find some shit that you both like,
you know?
Yeah.
I mean,
that's a,
that's not a good situation.
So I would,
I would tell the person what,
what you thinking?
I don't think she'd be in a wrong,
and I think that is shady behavior.
All right?
But that's just me.
The fuck.
Do I know
what the fuck do I know?
All right.
What do we got here?
This is the last question.
I've got 12 minutes left.
I swear to God,
if I don't have my microphone and my fucking headphones,
it's literally,
it's like Kryptonite.
All right.
First breakup.
Uh,
hey,
you freckled fuck,
oh,
he's fucking relationship goes down the tubes and then they come at me all
hostile.
I'll make this quick.
I just wanted to tell someone and honestly,
honestly before I talked to my parents,
I know you're dyslexic like me,
so I'll use basic words.
Well,
I appreciate that.
I'm a senior in high school.
I'm on the varsity wrestling and run and run distance track.
My free time has only consisted of homework and Netflix parenthesis after is for
is my favorite show.
Nice.
Did you guys see how we announced that?
The Great Vince Vaughn will be on the,
uh,
we'll be on season three,
right?
No.
Season two.
Season three.
Yeah.
I'm getting fucking fuse myself.
Anyways.
He said,
uh
Oh is,
I'm a senior in high school,
blah,
blah.
Well,
that was like 10 months ago.
I had never dated a girl ever,
but I had a crush on this girl for like a full year.
She runs cross country is way smarter than I will ever be.
All right,
great.
Put her up on a pedestal.
See how that works.
She's a year younger than me,
but we eventually started talking because when the boys' and girls' varsity
teams would hang out,
we both would be there.
Eventually.
She became all that I thought about.
I literally could not focus on school running,
et Cetera.
We talked almost every night over texts to,
and we're together.
Every time I went out with the team,
we went to homecoming my first time together a few weeks ago and I had my first
kiss there.
Jesus Christ.
This sounds like a fucking perfect story.
After that night,
we really didn't talk over text that much.
We don't have any classes together and practice is not a good time to hang out
late.
Anyway,
about a week ago,
she texted me and said she didn't see a future of us being more than friends.
I told her what I felt.
I just said,
that's fair and all I want is for her to be happy,
which is true.
But I thought I would be able to brush that shit off like it was top thing.
But I'm writing this email for no reason.
So that obviously didn't happen.
Uh,
should I have fought harder to keep us together?
Just move on.
I'd never been in a relationship and I don't know what to do anymore.
Would appreciate your advice as always.
Go Fuck Yourself.
Uh,
he sound like a funny kid,
man.
I think you get yourself,
you know,
I think you'll be fine.
Just keep using humor.
Cry It out.
Ia.
Yeah,
you'd fucking,
you fell hard for this person and then they sent you packing and then you'll
like,
what?
Is there something wrong with me?
And it's like,
no,
there isn't.
You just not right.
It's not like she broke up with you for a specific thing.
You know,
you're torturing animals and I just don't like that about you.
She just said,
well,
we're not right.
She didn't feel the spark the way you did.
That's what happens then she did you a favor.
So,
uh,
the best thing is you didn't yell at her and you're still kind of friendly with
her.
So what I would do is I would just fucking,
yeah,
but the don't brush it off.
Um,
if you have to like brush something off,
that means you,
you're trying to trick yourself that you don't give a shit.
You do give a shit and just sort of exist and giving a shit about it.
Talk it out with people.
Um,
but I would leave her alone,
but be friendly.
What they're,
say,
hey,
what's up and blah,
blah,
blah.
And um,
you know,
and young,
he's still in high school.
Do you gotta you gotta you gotta a Zillion at bats.
That was your first fucking it bet.
You know,
what are you going to do?
So I wouldn't,
I wouldn't take it that hard.
Um,
but it's normal that if you like somebody and they break up with you feed of
feel bad.
All right.
If you could have just brushed it off like it was no big deal,
then that would mean that you didn't like,
or that you were like a sociopath and then what that would lead you to torturing
animals and eventually work your way up to,
uh,
the ultimate prey being a human being walking out of a seven,
11.
Unsuspectingly.
Uh,
so that's,
it.
Is that going to be the park has to be 53 minutes.
I'm contractually obligated to another six and a half minutes here.
Right.
So anyways,
I've been pretty good on my diet.
Yeah.
Um,
breakfast I've been better than anything else,
but just coming back here up and trying to avoid all the old haunts that I go
to,
but it's been,
uh,
it's been difficult.
I've been trying to do the smoothies in the morning.
Um,
but you know,
I was staying with some relatives and they've just been,
you know,
it's just like,
oh,
so and so's in town,
let's make pancakes.
Right.
And what are you going to say?
No,
actually no.
Could I get some Greek yogurt with some berries and some Chia seeds,
whatever the fuck you call those things.
I mean,
that's acceptable on the west coast.
You do that out here.
Everybody starts looking at you like,
hey dude,
you know,
don't forget where you came from.
Now
you're an east coast guy.
Okay,
you die of a heart attack in your 50s or 60s.
They're,
you know,
that's how it works to get over here,
sit down and eat this shit that's going to make you want to take a nap.
Okay.
That's basically it.
Right?
Um,
well I'm hoping,
uh,
I'm open.
I can jump right back.
I'm going to jump right back on the Diet when I get out there.
I'm doing the best I can.
I can,
if I can get a fucking fell it today,
then I would,
I would be a,
I'd be fine.
I just have to get on the other side of this to be honest with you.
I get to the other side of the fucking Chicago Theater Gig and once I do that,
then I feel a,
okay,
I can just cruise for the rest of the year.
I'm going to do my eastern European tour and then some,
another little run.
I think next year how we're going to do is every six weeks I'm going to go
overseas and knock something out,
hopefully get some Australia dates and that type of shit.
That is the game plan and somewhere in there to shoot a special,
uh,
I don't know where or when yet,
but um,
I don't know.
It's feeling like it's feeling like it's fucking ready.
Okay.
You know,
and I've been thrown in all these extra lines and people been really laughing at
it in all of it just goes in the complete opposite direction
of
all of this shit that's kind of been going on out there.
Um,
which might,
I dunno
means it's either going to be a really good special or I'm just going to get
fucking trashed.
Well,
like this just sounds like a whining,
white male pining for the way things used to be,
but where the paper bag and then when they do that fucking shit,
it's just like,
no,
I'm a contrarion.
Okay.
Yeah.
That's all it is.
Um,
so Abbott,
dentally a star is born.
Okay.
Which stars?
Uh,
Dave Chappelle.
Andrew dice clay,
and I think there's one other comedian in there too.
I didn't see it.
My wife saw never Duntley loved it to the point that she was crying.
A loved one died.
MMM.
She's like,
you got to come out,
we have to see that movie.
And I was like,
is it like a dirty dancing type of movie?
Cause I just don't see myself.
Uh,
maybe it was a good thing that you saw it by yourself and I guess she's like,
Bradley Cooper presented,
he's fucking unbelievable.
He wrote all the music,
he's so talented.
And I was like,
Oh,
I love Bradley Cooper.
Right.
And she's like,
Lady Gaga is in it.
And I was like,
oh.
She's like,
what's the matter?
I you don't remember the long time ago when I went to the Lady Gaga concert with
you?
It was the day the Patriots got crushed by the Ravens in the playoffs.
So I had already had like six beers.
You don't remember that?
And evidently I said,
Jesus fucking Christ in the middle of the concert.
MMM.
I've done only said it once.
She said he said it like four times.
We got in this big fucking fight.
MMM.
Not really.
She was just mad at me saying that I ruined the experience for us.
So like ever since then whenever she goes to one of these big shows,
like she doesn't,
she doesn't ask me to go anymore,
which is funny.
But now that I said it out loud is a little sad.
I think I should be able to sit through,
no,
I liked lady Gaga when she was singing,
but it just kept,
it just was like this fucking,
uh,
okay.
I Dunno what it was.
It was like this self help program.
I felt more than a concert.
Okay.
And they just kept fucking talking about how they didn't give a file.
Give a fuck.
You give a fuck.
I don't give a fuck.
It's just like,
well,
get on with not giving a fuck.
Yeah.
Who stands around talking about how they don't give a fuck Jesus fucking Christ.
I mean,
that's basically what it was long.
It was probably only like 20% of it.
The other 80% was that my team lost and the fucking playoffs.
Um,
so it's probably a good thing.
I don't know.
Yeah,
I'll be honest with you.
I don't,
I don't know.
Okay.
I don't know if I can sit through a movie that has people singing in it.
And that has nothing to do with the people that are singing.
And it has to do with me.
I just don't know what it is.
I,
I can watch the dumbest shit ever.
Like somebody is a hundred people with machine guns shooting at the guy and
somehow the guy doesn't die.
Okay.
Like that to me,
for some reason,
it's less ridiculous than watching two people sitting across from each other
talking and all of a sudden one of them start singing
and nobody's like looking like to open a restaurant.
Could,
can you stop fucking singing?
Just,
just say what you have to say.
Okay.
You weird me out here like no,
nope.
That moment never happens in a musical.
You know,
it's funny as I have,
I don't even know what that movie's about.
I go see it.
Um,
cause I may,
uh,
I dunno.
I,
I watched the same fucking movie over and over again.
It's just,
it has a different title.
So,
you know,
I'm going abroad,
my run,
you know,
fuck it.
I'm going to go see that movie.
I got to see it cause decent Chappelle or in it.
Um,
but yeah.
Oh God.
If I go there,
my wife is crying,
then I have to like comfort her and all that shit.
Jesus Christ.
It's just like,
Hey,
are we having a good time?
Look at you.
You're fucking cry and an hour walking in public.
And everybody's looking at me like I just said something mean to you.
And I gotta be like,
no,
no.
She just saw star is born.
It was really good.
That's why she has an expression on her face.
Like something really bad just happened.
Uh,
was that dirty dancing?
Weird.
Our word word,
you know,
I don't know.
There's people who watch top gun and they liked the airplanes and then there's
other people that watch it and they liked the kiss between Tom Cruise and Kelly
Mcginnis.
Me,
I just like the volleyball game.
I know.
I'm fucking with you.
I'm all right.
Thanks to listen to the podcast.
Thank you to everybody who came out to Springfield,
Boston and uh,
Bridgeport,
Connecticut.
My mind is blown that I was able to play in those venues.
It was,
it didn't even make sense.
I felt like a fucking cartoon character.
I never,
never,
never even thought I could ever do,
would ever do something like that.
So thank you so much.
And everybody,
Saginaw,
Michigan,
you know,
it's fucking amazing.
Most sagging initial Michigan.
My great grandfather and grandmother had a house in Saginaw,
Michigan.
And I'm going to drive and take a picture of it for some of my relatives because
they want to see if it's still the same thing,
but they live there like a fucking hundred years ago.
See,
you never know.
It's probably has solar panels on it.
Some growing,
knocked it down and made a mcmansion,
a fucking hot tub and shit in there.
Who knows.
Uh,
but I'm really looking forward to,
cause I've never performed at Saginaw,
Michigan.
So,
uh,
we're all bringing our a game.
Me Versie Barnick,
Saginaw,
Michigan.
The next day we go into the big house.
So you there at the tailgate.
All right.
Look for two bald guys in one fucking giant Cam Neely looking guy and will be
hammered.
We'll see there.
All right.
Check in on you on Thursday.